TDA-holding-message (#3866)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/is-teaching-right-for-me/qualifications-you-need-to-teach.md

[Find out more about subject knowledge enhancement courses](/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training/subject-knowledge-enhancement).

## If you do not have a degree

> 

Reviewer: @MaxineCl Do we need to add a line here to say something like

**If you do not already have a degree, you can [train to be a teacher as part of your bachelor’s degree](/train-to-be-a-teacher/if-you-dont-have-a-degree) and get qualified teacher status.**

**Or** you may be eligible to apply for a new teacher degree apprenticeship.....

Otherwise we are only giving them half of the undergrad info?

> You may be eligible to apply for a new [Teacher Degree Apprenticeship (TDA)](https://educationhub.blog.gov.uk/2024/02/04/teacher-degree-apprenticeships-how-they-work-and-when-to-apply/). This means you can work in a school and earn a salary while getting a batchelor’s degree and QTS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may be eligible to apply for a new [Teacher Degree Apprenticeship (TDA)](https://educationhub.blog.gov.uk/2024/02/04/teacher-degree-apprenticeships-how-they-work-and-when-to-apply/). This means you can work in a school and earn a salary while getting a bachelor’s degree and QTS. 
```

> You may be eligible to apply for a new [Teacher Degree Apprenticeship (TDA)](https://educationhub.blog.gov.uk/2024/02/04/teacher-degree-apprenticeships-how-they-work-and-when-to-apply/). This means you can work in a school and earn a salary while getting a batchelor’s degree and QTS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may be eligible to apply for a new [teacher degree apprenticeship (TDA)](https://educationhub.blog.gov.uk/2024/02/04/teacher-degree-apprenticeships-how-they-work-and-when-to-apply/). This means you can work in a school and earn a salary while getting a bachelor’s degree and QTS. 
```

> Applications for the new TDAs are expected to launch in autumn 2024 for both primary and secondary and training is due to start in autumn 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications for the new TDAs are expected to open in autumn 2024 for both primary and secondary, with training due to start in autumn 2025.
```
Is `open` might be easier to understand than `launch`?

Plus minor suggestion to get rid of additional `and`!
